x11docker: add page (#5835)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/x11docker.md

# x11docker

> > Run GUI applications and desktops in docker giving focus on security.

Reviewer: The text taken verbatim from the repo doesn't sound very good.  How about this?
```suggestion
> Securely run GUI applications and desktop UIs in Docker containers.
```

> See also `xephyr`.
> More information: <https://github.com/mviereck/x11docker>.

- Launch VLC in a container:

> `x11docker --pulseaudio --share={{$HOME/Videos}} {{jess/vlc}}`

Reviewer 2: What does `jess` mean?

Reviewer: That's the container image name. https://hub.docker.com/r/jess/vlc.  @<!---->jessfraz is famous for her Docker work ;)

Reviewer 2: As someone, who dosn't know much about docker, the examples descriptions are a bit too generic / the examples are a bit too specific. But again, if you know docker you probably also understand all the examples, so I think it's fine.

Reviewer: Well, this example is about lauching VLC 🤔

- Launch Xfce in a window:

> `x11docker --desktop {{x11docker/lxde}}`

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't that start `Lxde` in a window?

Reviewer: That must be I typo.
```suggestion
- Launch LDXE in a window:

`x11docker --desktop {{x11docker/lxde}}`
```

Author: A last minute change lol
